[comfoair] Update README.md (#10427)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.comfoair/README.md

Though the binding is developed based on the protocol description for Zehnder ComfoAir devices it should also work for mostly identical systems from different manufacturers, like StorkAir WHR930, Wernig G90-380 and Paul Santos 370 DC.
It was also successfully tested on a Wernig G90-160.

> !!! This binding does not work on the ComfoAir Q-series (Q350 / Q450). These ventilation units use a CAN bus for communication, see the zcan or ComfoConnect projects for integration !!!

Reviewer: I agree that this might be worth a note, but I don't think that the high number of exclamation marks adds any value here. Also, I would refrain from mentioning external projects here since I don't think that these are helpful without any additional instructions (but since I'm no maintainer, I don't know if this is common).

```suggestion
**NOTE:** This binding does not work with the ComfoAir Q-series (e.g. Q350 or Q450). These ventilation units use a CAN bus for communication and a different protocol.
```
